Copyright & Disclaimer | King Saud University
Skip to main content
العربيةEnglish
Main menu
About
President's Message
Leadership
King Saud University Board of Directors
University Administration
Vice President & Deanships
Deans and Deanship Supervisors
Managements and Offices
History
Strategy and Values
Organizational Structure
Investments
Community
Global Collaboration
Research
Research Achievements in 2024
Deanships
Research Institutes
Research Centers
Research Departments and Units
Research Programs
Research Initiatives
Study at KSU
Colleges
Science Colleges
Community Colleges
Health Colleges
Humanities Colleges
Colleges of Muzahimya Branch
Academic Programs
Transfer Students
Training
Scholarship Opportunities
International Students
Campus Life
Libraries
Museums and Exhibits
Student Clubs
Campuses
Recreation Centers
Sports Facilities
Student Services
Housing
E-Services
E-Services Guide
Faculties Websites
Rassen
Electronic Services
Email for Faculty and Staff
Email for Students
E-Training Platform
Search
Copyright & Disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by “King Saud University” and whilst we endeavor to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of or in connection with the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of “King Saud University”. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Websites under the domain http://fac.ksu.edu.sa/home are under the sole control of King Saud University faculty members and All materials included there and opinions expressed there represent the owning faculty member. They don’t represent King Saud University or its management.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, “King Saud University” takes no responsibility for and will not be liable for the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Do you like the content?
Yes
No
No
Reason
It was clear and helpful
The answers were relevant
It was well written
The layout made it easy to read
Another reason
Reason
It was poorly written
I could not find a relevant answer
There was a technical problem
The layout made it difficult to read
Another reason
Another reasons
Another reason
Math question
1 + 1 =
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.
This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.
20 out of 22 visitors liked the content of this page
Get in Touch
Contact Us
Maps & Directions
Recruitment
Reporting
University Application
Staff E-services
Students E-services
Ayat App
Important Links
Regulations and Policies
Sustainability
Open Data
Annual Reports
Browse
Sitemap
FAQs
Gallery
Copyright © 1957-2025 جميع الحقوق محفوظة لجامعة الملك سعود.
Footer
Copyright & Disclaimer
E-Participation Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of use