E-Participation Policy | King Saud University
Skip to main content
العربيةEnglish
Main menu
About
President's Message
Leadership
King Saud University Board of Directors
University Administration
Vice President & Deanships
Deans and Deanship Supervisors
Managements and Offices
History
Strategy and Values
Organizational Structure
Investments
Community
Global Collaboration
Research
Research Achievements in 2024
Deanships
Research Institutes
Research Centers
Research Departments and Units
Research Programs
Research Initiatives
Study at KSU
Colleges
Science Colleges
Community Colleges
Health Colleges
Humanities Colleges
Colleges of Muzahimya Branch
Academic Programs
Transfer Students
Training
Scholarship Opportunities
International Students
Campus Life
Libraries
Museums and Exhibits
Student Clubs
Campuses
Recreation Centers
Sports Facilities
Student Services
Housing
E-Services
E-Services Guide
Faculties Websites
Rassen
Electronic Services
Email for Faculty and Staff
Email for Students
E-Training Platform
Search
E-Participation Policy
E-participation is integral to KSU’s decision-making process and the drawing of future policies. Thus, KSU benefits from different online contributions, including but not limited to opinion surveys, social media, feedback from complaints, and suggestions from experts, specialists, faculty members, and the general public. The university follows up on these contributions and reviews them before publication to achieve utmost transparency and constructive dialogue and to reach the desired goals that measure its decision's suitability for stakeholders and review, amend, and improve policies as needed.
This document enhances community participation and interaction to serve desired goals that align with the Kingdom’s Vision 2030, which includes supporting communication channels between the government and private sectors on the one hand and beneficiaries on the other by facilitating interaction, considering opinions, and understanding different perspectives.
Goals
Scope
Terms and Conditions
Targeted Groups
Supervision
Platforms
Regulations and procedures
Disclaimer
Improve transparency in decision-making
Improve systems and regulations’ collaborative construction
Support communication with beneficiaries and increase participation with government and private sectors and the business community
Adopt electronic participation
Increase the use of e-channels
Ensure the university’s efficient response to comments, suggestions, and feedback
KSU’s electronic channels, including websites, platforms, smart device applications, e-mail, call centers, social media, and other means, target effective participation and interaction between the university and its beneficiaries.
Comply with the laws and regulations of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Comply with the regulations of King Saud University
Be clear, easy-to-understand language
Be objective and concise
Be free of any offensive phrases or objectives
Be free of any violation of intellectual rights
Be free of any personal or security data
Be free of any commercial, promotional, unwanted soliciting
Not resubmitted more than once
Faculty
KSU and contracting companies' employees
Students
KSU’s Deanship of Electronic Transactions and Communications supervises the implementation and review of the e-participation policy, including public participation and opinions in developing systems and policies and presenting ideas.
The university has provided all available input channels, including social media, direct communication platforms, opinion polls, questionnaires, complaints and suggestions, and Resalat Aljamiah newspaper. The university may also use other media deemed appropriate.
Interaction and participation in KSU’s platforms contribute to the university’s decision-making and service quality. The university is committed to publishing the outcome of this participation but is not bound to do so.
Electronic participation in decision-making goes through standard stages until the decision is taken in its final form, and the university has the right to modify, accelerate, or skip some stages according to the topics at hand. These stages include the following:
First: Proposing a topic
In this stage, KSU
proposes a topic and requests electronic participation in decision-making through available platforms. The proposal clearly defines the topic, objectives, period, means of involvement, and target audience.
Second: Collecting opinions and contributions
After the participation period ends, KSU collects constructive contributions and opinions and classifies them to facilitate decision-making.
Third: Analysis
After classification, posts are sorted, analyzed, and utilized in making decisions and introducing policies.
Fourth: Announcement and publication
At this stage, the measures taken regarding participation will be announced, along with appropriate responses to the most prominent participations whenever possible. The decision will then be announced through an appropriate platform.
Fifth: Archiving
After announcements and publication, KSU archives all related documents and prepares a report on the entire process, expounding on the study, justifications, policies, decisions taken, obstacles, and recommendations.
King Saud University, represented by its administration and employees, disclaims any responsibility for publishing posts, comments, or notes through its electronic e-participation platforms. It is also not responsible for damaging or inappropriate participant contributions on its platforms.
The university also reserves its right to decide whether to publish, partially publish, not publish, or delete contributions as it sees fit and by its terms, conditions, policies, and the general laws of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. This includes re-publishing past appropriate results without any obligation to the involved party.
Do you like the content?
Yes
No
No
Reason
It was clear and helpful
The answers were relevant
It was well written
The layout made it easy to read
Another reason
Reason
It was poorly written
I could not find a relevant answer
There was a technical problem
The layout made it difficult to read
Another reason
Another reasons
Another reason
Math question
1 + 3 =
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.
This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.
12 out of 15 visitors liked the content of this page
Get in Touch
Contact Us
Maps & Directions
Recruitment
Reporting
University Application
Staff E-services
Students E-services
Ayat App
Important Links
Regulations and Policies
Sustainability
Open Data
Annual Reports
Browse
Sitemap
FAQs
Gallery
Copyright © 1957-2025 جميع الحقوق محفوظة لجامعة الملك سعود.
Footer
Copyright & Disclaimer
E-Participation Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of use