President's Message | King Saud University
Skip to main content
العربيةEnglish
Main menu
About
President's Message
Leadership
King Saud University Board of Directors
University Administration
Vice President & Deanships
Deans and Deanship Supervisors
Managements and Offices
History
Strategy and Values
Organizational Structure
Investments
Community
Global Collaboration
Research
Research Achievements in 2024
Deanships
Research Institutes
Research Centers
Research Departments and Units
Research Programs
Research Initiatives
Study at KSU
Colleges
Science Colleges
Community Colleges
Health Colleges
Humanities Colleges
Colleges of Muzahimya Branch
Academic Programs
Transfer Students
Training
Scholarship Opportunities
International Students
Campus Life
Libraries
Museums and Exhibits
Student Clubs
Campuses
Recreation Centers
Sports Facilities
Student Services
Housing
E-Services
E-Services Guide
Faculties Websites
Rassen
Electronic Services
Email for Faculty and Staff
Email for Students
E-Training Platform
Search
President's Message
Prof. Abdullah bin Salman Alsalman
Welcome to KSU, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia’s leading university in knowledge partnership. Since its establishment and under the patronage of the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques, King Salman bin Abdulaziz, and His Crown Prince, His Royal Highness Prince Mohammed bin Salman bin Abdulaziz - may God protect them - our university has become the treasure trove of knowledge in the Middle East. Not only has it proudly spread science and knowledge across the globe, but due to its established tradition and solid curriculum, it has also become the mecca of scholars, intellectuals, and people of thought and creativity worldwide.
Our achievements, which attest to our ambitious endeavors, are the result of hard work and rigorous planning. At KSU, we strategize to achieve our short-term and long-term goals every year. We strategize everything from research to education, pedagogy, and community service. In doing so, we aspire to synchronize our ambitions with those of the Saudi Vision of 2030, which has a prolific positive impact on building our nation. Our contribution to this Vision is our focus on nurturing its main asset: the people.
This website, along with our social media accounts, is your window to what we do and aspire to be. It is your window to our goals, mission, academic programs, and research plans. It is also your portal to enhance communication with researchers, students, and faculty members within the Kingdom and overseas; anyone interested in science and knowledge is welcome here. Please enjoy our website and allow us to open up new windows of academia for you!
Do you like the content?
Yes
No
No
Reason
It was clear and helpful
The answers were relevant
It was well written
The layout made it easy to read
Another reason
Reason
It was poorly written
I could not find a relevant answer
There was a technical problem
The layout made it difficult to read
Another reason
Another reasons
Another reason
Math question
2 + 3 =
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.
This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.
48 out of 54 visitors liked the content of this page
Get in Touch
Contact Us
Maps & Directions
Recruitment
Reporting
University Application
Staff E-services
Students E-services
Ayat App
Important Links
Regulations and Policies
Sustainability
Open Data
Annual Reports
Browse
Sitemap
FAQs
Gallery
Copyright © 1957-2025 جميع الحقوق محفوظة لجامعة الملك سعود.
Footer
Copyright & Disclaimer
E-Participation Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of use