Investments | King Saud University
Skip to main content
العربيةEnglish
Main menu
About
President's Message
Leadership
King Saud University Board of Directors
University Administration
Vice President & Deanships
Deans and Deanship Supervisors
Managements and Offices
History
Strategy and Values
Organizational Structure
Investments
Community
Global Collaboration
Research
Research Achievements in 2024
Deanships
Research Institutes
Research Centers
Research Departments and Units
Research Programs
Research Initiatives
Study at KSU
Colleges
Science Colleges
Community Colleges
Health Colleges
Humanities Colleges
Colleges of Muzahimya Branch
Academic Programs
Transfer Students
Training
Scholarship Opportunities
International Students
Campus Life
Libraries
Museums and Exhibits
Student Clubs
Campuses
Recreation Centers
Sports Facilities
Student Services
Housing
E-Services
E-Services Guide
Faculties Websites
Rassen
Electronic Services
Email for Faculty and Staff
Email for Students
E-Training Platform
Search
Investments
King Saud University Endowments
King Abdullah Institute for Research and Consulting Studies
Riyadh Valley Company
The University Endowment Program is an investment project comprising a number of office and medical towers, hospitality and hotel services, conference and meeting facilities, and commercial services and markets. It supports the university's self-financial resources development and provision of a sustainable financial future, research, development, educational and cultural activities, and community service. Click here to learn more The design of the buildings' facades applies the Salmani architectural style that is inspired by the external environment and the proximity to the city of Diriyah and its historical heritage. Click here to learn more.
More Information
King Abdullah Institute for Research and Consulting Studies (KAI) at King Saud University (KSU) was established with the approval of the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques on the minutes of the fifth session of the Higher Education Council, held on 1/6/1417 AH, corresponding to 14/10/1996 AD, by Telegram No. 7/B/6785, date 4/11/1417 AH, corresponding to 13/3/1997 AD, according to which the Institute has the right to utilize all intellectual and knowledgeable capabilities and expertise at King Saud University to carry out scientific and advisory studies and services, provide study and training programs, hold conferences, seminars, workshops and forums, and provide academic, administrative and technical experts to various clients. Therefore, KAI became the contractual arm for the university to provide its paid-services for all government, private, and non-profit sectors
Capabilities:
KAI is distinguished by providing a diverse portfolio of consulting services by KSU's, assets; human capabilities, equipment, latest technical levels of labs, and integrated infrastructure provided by KSU like:
(6,300) experts and consultants in all scientific fields.
(18,000) administrators, technicians, and specialists.
(6,000) operational staff.
(29) specialized research centers.
(74) research chairs.
(1,620) patents.
(11,000) recent scientific researches (completed on 2023).
(1,085) accredited academic programs.
(340) study programs.
Comprehensive Databases.
Centers of Excellence.
Advanced Laboratories and workshops.
Strategic Partnerships.
Consulting Services Portfolio:
KAI at King Saud University provides various services in the consulting sector in the following areas:
Research Studies.
Consulting Studies.
Training Programs.
Educational Services.
Academic Services.
Scientific Services.
Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) Services.
More Information
Riyadh Valley Co. was established in 2010 by Royal Decree No.116 dated 13/4/1431 AH, to be the investment arm of King Saud University in the fields of the knowledge-based economy and the university’s strategic projects. Based on the company purposes stipulated in Royal Decree, the following main activities have been identified: Venture Capital Investments, Strategic Investments and Enriching Innovation Ecosystem.
Venture capital investments
Through it, Riyadh Valley Company invests in startup companies locally and globally in specific sectors to achieve financial returns, localization, and knowledge transfer.
Strategic Investing
Through it, Riyadh Valley Company invests in the assets of King Saud University to attract various value-added projects to achieve financial and strategic returns that serve the Kingdom’s economy.
Enriching Innovation
Riyadh Valley Company effectively contributes to supporting the innovation and entrepreneurship environment by fostering partnerships between educational research institutions and the business community. It focuses on programs that refine the experiences and practical application of KSU members
More Information
Do you like the content?
Yes
No
No
Reason
It was clear and helpful
The answers were relevant
It was well written
The layout made it easy to read
Another reason
Reason
It was poorly written
I could not find a relevant answer
There was a technical problem
The layout made it difficult to read
Another reason
Another reasons
Another reason
Math question
3 + 11 =
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.
This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.
13 out of 17 visitors liked the content of this page
Get in Touch
Contact Us
Maps & Directions
Recruitment
Reporting
University Application
Staff E-services
Students E-services
Ayat App
Important Links
Regulations and Policies
Sustainability
Open Data
Annual Reports
Browse
Sitemap
FAQs
Gallery
Copyright © 1957-2025 جميع الحقوق محفوظة لجامعة الملك سعود.
Footer
Copyright & Disclaimer
E-Participation Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of use