Museums and Exhibits | King Saud University
Skip to main content
العربيةEnglish
Main menu
About
President's Message
Leadership
King Saud University Board of Directors
University Administration
Vice President & Deanships
Deans and Deanship Supervisors
Managements and Offices
History
Strategy and Values
Organizational Structure
Investments
Community
Global Collaboration
Research
Research Achievements in 2024
Deanships
Research Institutes
Research Centers
Research Departments and Units
Research Programs
Research Initiatives
Study at KSU
Colleges
Science Colleges
Community Colleges
Health Colleges
Humanities Colleges
Colleges of Muzahimya Branch
Academic Programs
Transfer Students
Training
Scholarship Opportunities
International Students
Campus Life
Libraries
Museums and Exhibits
Student Clubs
Campuses
Recreation Centers
Sports Facilities
Student Services
Housing
E-Services
E-Services Guide
Faculties Websites
Rassen
Electronic Services
Email for Faculty and Staff
Email for Students
E-Training Platform
Search
King Saud University Museums and Exhibits
Atta Exhibit
Department of Mass Communication Museum
Collage of Tourism and Archeology Museum
College of Sciences Museum
Atta Exhibit
Department of Mass Communication Museum
Collage of Tourism and Archeology Museum
Since its launch in 1958, the Archeology Museum has grown significantly. What started with a few artifacts collected during archeological expeditions to archaeological sites in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia was taken over by the Department of Antiquities and Museums at the College of Arts in 1978. The department expanded the collection to include artifacts discovered by department research faculty and students in Al-Faw and Al-Rabza sites that date to pre-Islamic and Early Islamic periods in the 6th and 7th centuries. It also contained artifacts purchased or donated by public figures and private collectors interested in archeology prior to the development of the department, among which are those of Prince Sultan Ibn Abdul-Aziz that contain coins from early to middle-aged Islamic history.
The Museum is located on the ground floor of the College of Social Studies at the university’s main campus (building 16). It covers an area of 360 sqm, is supervised by qualified technical staff, and is equipped with state-of-the-art facilities.
It is open every day throughout the year from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. except for weekends and public holidays.
Contact: Phone: 0118063432 - Email: museum@ksu.edu.sa
Geology Educational Museum
The Geological Museum was established at the College of Science - King Saud University in 1986 to meet the research and teaching needs of the Geology Department. It eventually expanded to participate in national events, and various internal and external university exhibitions. The museum’s collection includes rock samples of guiding fossils, minerals, mineral ores, and rocks of all types of igneous, sedimentary, and metamorphic found within the Kingdom. It also contains a map of the distribution of minerals in the Kingdom and containers representing oil derivatives. The collection also contains geologist tools, enlarged and miniature models of vertebrate fossils, and models and pictures of various geological activities.
The museum is located on the first floor of the College of Science (building 4, room 1B63). It is open on weekdays from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.
Zoology Department Permanent Showroom
The Zoology department showroom was established in 1970 with a few samples of birds and young mammals. The number of specimens in the museum gradually increased, mainly through mummification of acquired species from educational and research field trips in the Kingdom and samples from the Kingdom’s wildlife reservations. As of 2024, the museum contains 796 samples of invertebrate animals and 796 samples of vertebrate animals (455 samples of birds, 106 samples of reptiles, 139 samples of mammals, 74 samples of fish, and 22 samples of amphibians).
In addition to collecting species from the Kingdom’s fauna, the showroom also serves as an educational and research center. It contains an integrated unit for animal mummification and conservation, which is a valuable teaching tool in the department.
The showroom is located on the first floor of the College of Science (building 5, room 1B69,).
It is open to public from 8-2 weekdays throughout the academic year.
Group tours can be arranged by contacting the showroom (0114675762)
The Herbarium
The herbarium was established in 1965 AD with a small plant collection from the Riyadh region and was included in the World Register of International Herbaria in 1990. Most of the plants were collected during the early stages of preparing the herbarium by teachers and students of the Department of Botany during field trips. In addition, many samples were also gathered from other regions of the Kingdom and neighboring countries in subsequent years. As of 2024, the herbarium contains approximately 35,000 plant specimens representing about 80% of the Kingdoms flora and Arabian Peninsula.
The herbarium is located on the first floor of the College of Science (building 5, room 2B27,).
Visitation is available via appointments from 8 a.m. -2 p.m. weekdays.
Group tours can be arranged by contacting the showroom (0114675835)
video link
Observatory
KSU’s observatory contains two telescopes, a planetarium, and an exhibition serving the needs of the Department of Astronomy and interested government and educational institutions. The Observatory also publishes and conducts educational materials and courses for the general public.
The observatory is located on the second floor of the College of Science (building 5, room 2B90).
Visitation is available via appointment (0114676378).
College of Science Exhibit
Visitation is available via appointment (70763).
The Exhibit is located on the first floor of the College of Science (building 4)
Do you like the content?
Yes
No
No
Reason
It was clear and helpful
The answers were relevant
It was well written
The layout made it easy to read
Another reason
Reason
It was poorly written
I could not find a relevant answer
There was a technical problem
The layout made it difficult to read
Another reason
Another reasons
Another reason
Math question
11 + 2 =
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.
This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.
9 out of 9 visitors liked the content of this page
Get in Touch
Contact Us
Maps & Directions
Recruitment
Reporting
University Application
Staff E-services
Students E-services
Ayat App
Important Links
Regulations and Policies
Sustainability
Open Data
Annual Reports
Browse
Sitemap
FAQs
Gallery
Copyright © 1957-2025 جميع الحقوق محفوظة لجامعة الملك سعود.
Footer
Copyright & Disclaimer
E-Participation Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of use