Campuses | King Saud University
Skip to main content
العربيةEnglish
Main menu
About
President's Message
Leadership
King Saud University Board of Directors
University Administration
Vice President & Deanships
Deans and Deanship Supervisors
Managements and Offices
History
Strategy and Values
Organizational Structure
Investments
Community
Global Collaboration
Research
Research Achievements in 2024
Deanships
Research Institutes
Research Centers
Research Departments and Units
Research Programs
Research Initiatives
Study at KSU
Colleges
Science Colleges
Community Colleges
Health Colleges
Humanities Colleges
Colleges of Muzahimya Branch
Academic Programs
Transfer Students
Training
Scholarship Opportunities
International Students
Campus Life
Libraries
Museums and Exhibits
Student Clubs
Campuses
Recreation Centers
Sports Facilities
Student Services
Housing
E-Services
E-Services Guide
Faculties Websites
Rassen
Electronic Services
Email for Faculty and Staff
Email for Students
E-Training Platform
Search
Campuses
University Medical City
Female Campus
The University Medical City is an academic medical institution that provides comprehensive care and possesses extensive experience in various medical and administrative fields. The Medical Citys staff consists of an elite group of doctors specializing in various medical fields, in addition to a distinguished team of health practitioners, administrators and support services staff. The Medical City seeks to advance the concept of integrated health care management by promoting the educational and training process, scientific research, and providing health care at all levels through its hospitals, specialized medical centers, and its qualified and trained staff in the most prestigious international hospitals, specializing in the most accurate medical specialties. The medical city consists of:
Three hospitals:
King Khalid University Hospital
King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital
University Dental Hospital
Two Affiliated Centers
University Oncology Center
Clinical Skills and Simulation Center
Nine Centers of Excellence
King Fahad Cardiac Center
University Family Medicine Center
University Diabetes Center
Laparoscopy Center
King Abdullah Ear Specialist
Sports Medicine Center
Sports Medicine Center
Sleep Medicine Center
National Center for Sudden Unexplained Death (Hayat)
University Medical City
The University’s Female Campus is one of the university’s most prominent huge strategic projects, located in the eastern corner of the university’s main campus. It sits on an area of 1.2 million square meters. It consists of 14 colleges, including 5 health and medical colleges, 6 arts and humanities colleges, and 3 science and engineering colleges, in addition to administrative buildings, support deanship buildings, service buildings, recreational facilities, and a housing area. The campus can support up to 30,000 students. The campus started receiving its female students from the beginning of the academic year 2013. The campus project is considered one of the most important and largest projects and is characterized by quality of design and implementation, and ease of operation and provision of academic and non-academic services. It is also designed to be considerate of the Saudi society’s culture and privacy regarding the educational environment for female students. It utilizes the best tools and methods of interactive higher education to achieve the goal of leadership and excellence locally and globally. The campus is designed to provide accessibility for students with special needs, and to integrate the latest e-learning and distance learning systems to facilitate communication between male and female faculty members inside and outside the university. This includes 610 smart classrooms, 160 reception halls for distance learning, 39 educational auditoriums, 3 event auditoriums, 235 scientific laboratories, 160 computer laboratories, 140 meeting rooms, and 14 monitoring, management and control centers.
Female Campus
Do you like the content?
Yes
No
No
Reason
It was clear and helpful
The answers were relevant
It was well written
The layout made it easy to read
Another reason
Reason
It was poorly written
I could not find a relevant answer
There was a technical problem
The layout made it difficult to read
Another reason
Another reasons
Another reason
Math question
6 + 1 =
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.
This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.
24 out of 31 visitors liked the content of this page
Get in Touch
Contact Us
Maps & Directions
Recruitment
Reporting
University Application
Staff E-services
Students E-services
Ayat App
Important Links
Regulations and Policies
Sustainability
Open Data
Annual Reports
Browse
Sitemap
FAQs
Gallery
Copyright © 1957-2025 جميع الحقوق محفوظة لجامعة الملك سعود.
Footer
Copyright & Disclaimer
E-Participation Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of use