Privacy Policy | King Saud University
Skip to main content
العربيةEnglish
Main menu
About
President's Message
Leadership
King Saud University Board of Directors
University Administration
Vice President & Deanships
Deans and Deanship Supervisors
Managements and Offices
History
Strategy and Values
Organizational Structure
Investments
Community
Global Collaboration
Research
Research Achievements in 2024
Deanships
Research Institutes
Research Centers
Research Departments and Units
Research Programs
Research Initiatives
Study at KSU
Colleges
Science Colleges
Community Colleges
Health Colleges
Humanities Colleges
Colleges of Muzahimya Branch
Academic Programs
Transfer Students
Training
Scholarship Opportunities
International Students
Campus Life
Libraries
Museums and Exhibits
Student Clubs
Campuses
Recreation Centers
Sports Facilities
Student Services
Housing
E-Services
E-Services Guide
Faculties Websites
Rassen
Electronic Services
Email for Faculty and Staff
Email for Students
E-Training Platform
Search
Privacy Policy
The privacy policy stated below is part of the terms and conditions of using the King Saud University website.
This website does not save personal information about you when you visit it, unless you intentionally agree to provide us with your information. When you agree to provide us with your personal information, we will only use it to process your service request from website. By using this website, you agree to this privacy policy. Please note that your information might be shared with other Saudi government institutions without taking any prior permission from any party in case the completion of your requested service requires that. King Saud University reserves the right to make minor or major changes in its privacy policy at any point of time without taking any prior permission .If you choose to use our website after the application of amendments in our privacy policy, you agree to these amendments. . This website and its staff follow strict information security policy. Only authorized staff members have access to your personal information. According to regulations in Saudi Arabia, all authorized staff members are bound by law to keep all information safe and secure. King Saud University reserves the right to take any actions required to prevent loss of information, misuse or change of information on the website. King Saud University will not be responsible for any damage that may happen to you due to any breach on the security of the information you provided the website with. Only the laws and regulations in Saudi Arabia will be followed in case of disputes that may occur because of the use of the website, and the law courts in Saudi Arabia only are entitled to deliver a verdict on these disputes.
Last Update:
16/10/2023 11:51am
Do you like the content?
Yes
No
No
Reason
It was clear and helpful
The answers were relevant
It was well written
The layout made it easy to read
Another reason
Reason
It was poorly written
I could not find a relevant answer
There was a technical problem
The layout made it difficult to read
Another reason
Another reasons
Another reason
Math question
9 + 3 =
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.
This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.
67 out of 75 visitors liked the content of this page
Get in Touch
Contact Us
Maps & Directions
Recruitment
Reporting
University Application
Staff E-services
Students E-services
Ayat App
Important Links
Regulations and Policies
Sustainability
Open Data
Annual Reports
Browse
Sitemap
FAQs
Gallery
Copyright © 1957-2025 جميع الحقوق محفوظة لجامعة الملك سعود.
Footer
Copyright & Disclaimer
E-Participation Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of use